#153: Improve external navigation support through dedicated action (#154)
eclipse-glsp/glsp: PROTOCOL.md

```
</details>

### 2.12.6. NavigateToExternalTargetAction

> If a navigation target cannot be resolved or targets something that is not part of our model source, e.g., a separate documentation file, a `NavigateToExternalTargetAction` may be sent. Since the target it outside of the model scope such an action would be typically handled by an integration layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a navigation target cannot be resolved or the resolved target is something that is not part of our model source, e.g., a separate documentation file, a `NavigateToExternalTargetAction` may be sent. Since the target it outside of the model scope such an action would be typically handled by an integration layer (such as the surrounding IDE).
```
